Update setup instructions and prerequisites (#31)
carpentries-incubator/hpc-workflows: learners/setup.md

title: Setup
---

## Software Setup

### Shell

Snakemake is a command-line tool run on in a so-called shell.
Please check [the installation instructions][shell-install] to ensure you have
the corresponding software installed.

### Python

Snakemake is a Python program.
Please check [the installation instructions][python-install] to ensure you have
a working Python environment.

### Snakemake

Please install the *snakemake* software following [the snakemake installation
instructions].

If you are using an high-performance computing (HPC) system, there might be a
version of snakemake preinstalled.

> In can be installed via [spack.io][snakemake-spack] or [EasyBuild][snakemake-easybuild].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can also be installed via [spack.io][snakemake-spack] or [EasyBuild][snakemake-easybuild].
```
